(calm music)
(birds chirping)
[Kagenou] I'm not picky
about a lot of things.
Most things,
I really don't care about.
But even so,
I do have preferences.
Even if it's not really
important to me,
I like what I like and I don't
like what I don't like.
I classify those things as
"insignificant things I like"
and "insignificant things
I don't like."
(water splashing)
One of the insignificant things
that I like are hot springs.
(sighing)
(humming happily)
(Alexia stammering)
(Cid humming happily)
Huh?
(continues humming)
(donk)
(water splashing)
[Alexia] Huh?
(OPENING THEME)
(Cid humming happily)
(donk)
(small whimpers)
(humming happily)
(growling)
(sighs)
[Alexia]
I guess you're all healed now.
[Cid] Yep, all better.
[Alexia] Good.
I cut you up pretty badly
when I lost my temper.
I'm glad you survived.
Is that how a killing machine
gives a compliment?
[Alexia] Did you say something?
[Cid] Nope, not a word.
So what brings you to Lindwurm?
[Alexia] I'm a special guest
for the Goddess' Trial.
And you?
[Cid] A friend invited me.
Said there was a really
fun event going on.
I'm guessing the event is
this Goddess' Trial thing.
So what exactly
do people do there?
[Alexia] (chuckles)
You came all the way here
and you don't even know?
The Goddess' Trial
is an annual event
held on the one day of the year
when the door to the Sanctuary
is opened.
It's a fighting ritual.
[Cid] Fighting?
[Alexia]
Ancient warriors awaken
and come out of the Sanctuary
to compete against challengers.
[Cid] So basically, you're
saying they're fighting ghosts?
I wonder if that's what Alpha
was talking about?
If you were hoping to
participate,
then you're too late.
You have to apply
in advance to fight.
The ancient warriors
only answer the call
of challengers
they deem worthy.
Hundreds of hopefuls try
their luck every year,
but only about ten
actually get to battle.
Although a few years ago,
the Wandering Swordsman Venom
made waves by summoning
the Hero Olivier.
[Cid] Did he beat him?
[Alexia] Apparently not.
But it's not like I was there
to SEE it, so I don't know.
I couldn't even say
if the warrior he summoned
was actually the real Olivier.
[Cid] Uh-huh...
[Alexia] In case you were
wondering, I won't be fighting.
I have more important
things to do.
[Cid] Uh-huh...
[Alexia] They haven't made this
information public yet,
but the archbishop
at the cathedral here
has been murdered.
[Cid] Uh-huh...
[Alexia]
There were always unsavory
rumors going around about him.
And the reason I came here
was that I was supposed
to audit him.
Oh, but I'm afraid I can't say
anymore to an outsider.
If you wanna know more,
you'll have to join
the Crimson Knights.
No, thank you.
[Alexia] You should join
after you graduate.
[Cid] No, thank you.
[Alexia] I'll fill out an
application for you.
[Cid] Don't!
[Alexia] You're stubborn.
I had assumed you would ogle me
like you were trying to eat me
with your eyes,
but I see I was wrong.
[Cid] I make it a point not to
look at people much
while soaking in a hot spring.
To keep us all more
comfortable while bathing.
In that spirit,
might I ask you to stop
glancing over at my Excalibur?
(short laugh) You call that
thing you have Excalibur?
I think the word you're
looking for is "worm."
[Cid] You mustn't judge
a book by its cover.
(Cid standing)
(Alexia gasps)
[Cid]
You may come to find out that
what you thought was a worm
was a sword that was merely
still contained in its sheath.
[Alexia]
(nervously) What do you mean?
(gasps)
(dramatic music)
(towel whipping)
[Cid] When a holy sword is
removed from its sheath,
its sparkling blade is set free
to plunder the Garden of Chaos.
(donk)
(gasps)
(towel whipping)
(upbeat music)
(general hubub)
(fireworks exploding)
(crowd cheering)
(crowd quiets)
Legend says that long ago,
to drive away the Demon
Diablos,
the Goddess Beatrix
bestowed her powers
upon the esteemed and
courageous Hero Olivier.
Olivier fought valiantly
against the demon,
eventually severing
his left arm,
which is said to be sealed away
in this very Sanctuary.
And to this day,
the ancient warriors
who fought fearlessly
at Olivier's side
in this crusade
await you on the other side of
the Sanctuary door!
(fighters cheering)
Every single one of you
know what it is
that these warriors
are hoping for.
[Alexia] I don't like it.
[Nelson] Those who will carry
on their just legacy,
-Acting Archbishop Nelson...
(Nelson continues)
Freaking baldy!
-You might want to mourn
at least a little.
[Alexia] You're canceling the
audit?! How can you do that?
[Nelson] How can I not?
The royal family sent you here
to investigate His Grace,
the Archbishop,
but as you can see,
he has met with
grave misfortune.
We in the Church must find
the vile fiend
who committed this heinous act
and apprehend them
without delay.
And if we are to ensure that
the Goddess' Trial
is carried out successfully,
then I have no time to
indulge your hobbies,
if you'll forgive me.
I ask that you please leave
Church matters to the Church,
as you always have.
I will personally compose a
letter to His Majesty the King.
You are relieved of this task.
So Princess Alexia,
you may just sit back and
enjoy the Goddess' Trial.
I need to get back to
the Royal Capital
and convince my father to
give his authorization again
so the Crimson Knights
can do the audit.
Do you have any idea how many
days that will take
just for the trip?
Obviously,
all the important evidence
will be disposed of
while I'm gone.
I could do the audit anyway,
but I don't wanna
sour relations
between the royal family and
the Divine Teachings.
And Baldy is right here in
front of me screaming
"prime suspect!"
I just don't like it!
[men] Miss Natsume!
-I love your work!
(giggling)
[Alexia] Speaking of things
I don't like...
Thank you so much
for your support!
[Alexia] Natsume Kafka...
She's supposedly
a popular new author.
But that perfectly
polished demeanor,
that dignity could hardly come
from a rookie writer.
I'm not buying it.
(Natsume giggling)
Everybody knows that someone
who looks like her
on the outside
is actually corrupt
on the inside.
(cheering and whistling)
[man] Long live Princess Alexia!
Hello, everyone!
(Alexia gasping)
Let's give all of the fighters
all of our support, okay?
(crowd cheering wildly)
(Natsume chuckling)
(Alexia growling)
[Beta] I don't like it.
Alexia Midgar...
This woman is not worthy of
"The Chronicles of Lord Shadow:
Complete Edition."
Taking advantage of her
position as princess
and classmate
just to get close to
Lord Shadow. The pest!
As if she weren't sadly lacking
in talent, beauty,
and love for Lord Shadow.
As if she weren't inferior
in every way!
The role she's taken is
vastly better suited
to a charming, silver-haired,
blue-eyed elf
with a beauty mark
on her cheek!
Everybody knows women like her
are the most corrupt
on the inside!
Of course Lord Shadow would
never be attracted
to a woman of such
shoddy character-
(Natsume whimpering)
Princess Alexia, my foot...
Oh my, is something the matter?
[Natsume] My foot is...
(gasp of relief)
[Alexia] Oh my!
Is something the matter?
You little...
(crowd cheering)
(Rose giggling)
[Nelson] The time has come!
Now, Great and Divine Beatrix,
please hear our humble prayer!
Allow the warriors gathered
here today to undergo
your supreme trial!
(click)
(dramatic music)
(crowd cheering)
(light humming)
And now, without further delay,
let the Goddess' Trial begin!
(fighters cheering)
(fireworks exploding)
(crowd cheering)
(gong sounds)
[MC] Our first contender
is a challenger
from the Oriana Kingdom,
Toppe Batterius!
Did you know? If an ancient
warrior appears,
he won't be able to leave
that dome of light
until either the challenger
or the ancient warrior
is down for the count.
Last year, somebody died!
Seriously? Why would you pay
hundreds of thousands of zeni
to potentially get
yourself killed?
Because if you manage to beat
an ancient warrior,
you get a commemorative medal!
With one of those babies,
you can go to any knight order
in any nation in the world
and they'll hire you for sure!
[red shirt] Wow, that IS
something to write home about!
[Kagenou] I see. Thank you
for your perfect example
of background character
exposition.
But nevermind that.
I don't suppose I'll get to do
anything Eminence-in-Shadowy
during this event.
O, ancient warrior!
Hear my call and
answer my summons!
(crowd cheering)
(bell rings)
(crowd laughing)
[MC] Now, from the
Midgar Knight Order,
we have Neks Tinline!
(gong sounds)
I mean, it's such a big event.
It'd be a shame to just accept
my background character status
and do nothing.
I wanna, you know,
make a dashing entrance,
show off my eminent powers,
and have them all go,
"Who is that mysterious man?"
(bell rings)
(crowd laughing)
[MC] Next from the
Laugus Vigilante Corps,
Stihl-Aint Hapnin!
(gong sounds)
[Kagenou] If only they would
accept walk-in entries.
I mean, I could say
"rules be damned"
and jump into the
competition anyway,
but I think I'd prefer to save
a juicy appearance like that
for a more important and
appropriate scene.
And is each fighter
only allowed
one battle in this tournament?
As Eminence in Shadow,
what I really wanna do
is disguise myself as
a weakling nobody
and win my way through under
the radar.
Oh well, guess I'll just accept
my role as background
character this time.
(gong sounds)
(crowd cheering)
[Kagenou] Come to think of it,
I haven't seen Alpha.
(tense music)
(bell rings)
(crowd rumbling)
I hope this will be over soon.
After all that, it looks like
someone named Annerose
is the only one who managed to
summon an ancient warrior.
[MC] Next from the Midgar
Academy for Dark Knights,
Cid Kagenou!
Next is a guy named
Cid Kagenou.
That is such a
background character name.
Cid Kagen-
Wait!
So we have a student of the
Dark Knight Academy, do we?
Then he must no doubt be quite
the skilled fighter
to be chosen for this.
Once we've traversed
the thorny path ahead,
our contented future awaits us.
I can hardly believe it!
A student attempting
the Goddess' Trial?
He must be so incredibly brave!
[red shirt] Yeah! You can bet
he's one of the most
popular kids
in the whole school!
[green shirt]
We're not gonna wanna miss this!
Option one, resign myself
to fight in the Trial.
But if a really powerful
ancient warrior pops out,
everyone will find out that I
have eminent powers.
They seem to match everyone's
level pretty accurately,
after all.
Option two, run away.
That's a hard pass.
They already know that
I'm a student at the
Dark Knight Academy.
If the administrators find out
I incurred the wrath
of the Divine Teachings,
I could get expelled.
What would my sister say?
Option three...
(humming thoughtfully)
[MC] Cid Kagenou! Can we take
this to mean you withdraw?
[Nelson] He isn't coming out?
No surprise, we do usually have
two or three a year who
get cold feet.
(light humming)
(all gasping)
What is that bright light?
(light humming)
(crowd gasping)
What is this? We were not
planning to have a show.
(gasps) Look!
(gasps)
(cape fluttering)
[Nelson] What is that?
[Natsume] It can't be!
Shadow?!
Option three,
confuse the matter.
By my calculations,
no matter how intense
the fighting,
confusion ensues
when a bomb goes off!
[Shadow] My name is Shadow.
(clang)
He who lurks in and
hunts the shadows.
Shadow...
Why on earth would he be here?
Where could Cid be?
(tense music)
[Nelson] Shadow...
The filthy rat that's been
skittering around at our feet.
You've overestimated your
power, young man,
and will soon rue
that foolishness.
(tense music)
Ancient memories lie slumbering
within the Sanctuary.
This night,
we shall set them free!
(light humming)
[Nelson] Huh?
(electrical discharge)
How's this happening? I did not
activate anything like this!
[Alexia] An ancient warrior
is answering his call.
Well, well, this turned into
a pretty big deal.
(tense music)
It can't be!
There is just no way!
[Natsume]
Aurora, the Witch of Calamity.
Huh?
Miss Natsume, who is Aurora?
Aurora, the Witch of Calamity...
She once rained chaos
and destruction
down upon our world.
I've never heard of her.
And how is it that you
know about her?
It comes from being an author,
of course.
That being said,
through the ages,
they have called
Aurora the Witch of Calamity.
But as to what chaos she caused
or destruction she
rained down upon us,
there are no records left
that describe it.
Dear Archbishop...
(Nelson gasps)
If you would be so kind,
please tell me more about the
Witch of Calamity?
(boing boing)
Of course, I'd be glad to.
[Nelson] Yes, indeed.
(both sigh)
It is only to be expected
that Your Highnesses
wouldn't have heard of her.
In fact, I'm quite surprised
that Miss Natsume recognizes
her.
After all, even in the Church,
the name Aurora is known only
to a very select few.
Still, this Shadow person
is rather unfortunate.
I can hardly believe anyone
would summon Aurora.
She was known as the most
powerful witch in all of
history.
A lowly bandit such as him
will be utterly helpless
against her.
I'm not so sure.
[Nelson] Huh?
If the Goddess' Trial
summoned this Aurora woman
as an appropriate opponent
for Shadow,
that can only mean one thing.
It means that Shadow's powers
have reached the same level
as one who destroyed the world.
I doubt this will be
over so quickly.
[Kagenou]
She feels the same way I do.
A battle is a conversation.
The shifting of
a sword's point...
The movement of one's gaze...
The placement of the feet...
All of them reflect
your opponent's will.
(force whooshing)
(all gasping)
[Kagenou]
We read those cues to give
each other better responses,
back and forth,
again and again.
This is the real
essence of battle.
[Nelson] Well, it appears that
my prediction was right.
(force whooshing)
[Rose] That's an
ancient battle technique.
[Nelson] He's more persistent
than I expected,
but I think it's clear
that he's outmatched.
But not a single one
of her spears
has come close to hitting him.
[Alexia] Huh?
Isn't that correct, dear
Princess Alexia?
Yes, you're correct.
That woman is strong,
and no ordinary Dark Knight
could ever manage
against her attacks.
But Shadow is still
only watching.
[Kagenou] I'm loving this,
my violet-eyed opponent.
Actually,
let me call you Violet,
with my deepest affections.
(dramatic music)
I haven't been able to have a
decent conversation like this
in a very long time.
Which is why, dear Violet,
I'm so happy I get
to speak with you.
(dramatic music)
That's also how I know...
(chains rattling)
It's too bad...
(sword ringing)
(schwing)
(blood splattering)
I wish I could have fought you
at full strength.
(light chiming)
[Rose] He won.
[Alexia] Yes, he did.
[Nelson] Impossible!
You're saying that she lost?
But Aurora was doing all of the
fighting on the offensive!
(ground rumbling)
(both gasp)
(glass cracking)
(all gasp)
What the...
(dramatic music)
(glass shattering)
(electrical discharge)
(dramatic music)
The Sanctuary
answered his call.
So, Shadow,
it is true that you're...
(ENDING THEME)